redditor axe was a beast a massive
killing machine that was supremely well
adapted to hunting in the ocean
it's cavernous more almost had too many
teeth
some serrated some hooked and all
capable of carving through flesh like a
hot scoop through ice cream bosses
suggests that its skull alone could be
more than two meters in length and its
bite strength may have been immense
some say twice as powerful as the killer
croc sock asuka's
surely there's nothing around today that
could match this colossal creature well
it took some doing
but I found something that will help me
demonstrate the supposed strength of
Predator X's giant jaws
so this is a pulverizer that looks like
a dinosaur and believe it or not the
force that's generated inside those jaws
can mimic the pressure created by
predator X so we could start off where
we left off with soccer circus with a
big chain we could even double the size
of chain and go for something like this
but why would you bother when predator X
can do this
operating at the same supposed power our
industrial pulverizer can literally eat
boulders and spit out the dust
we're gonna make such a mess with this
thing time for the ultimate test how
quickly can our proto Rex pulverizer
chop through this clapped-out car
[Music]
his mother in racist arcade game in
history
Granite erects would be operating with a
hundred and forty banana sized teeth and
a fight for us that was probably the
greatest of any animal who has ever
lived on this planet and while it
wouldn't have been feeding old cars
it would have been feeding on very large
swimming reptiles six meter long
creatures like camarasaurus so it would
have needed enormous amounts of power
true to their name these junkyard jaws
pulverize our banger in no time until
Wow
from car ship carnage in under three
minutes
[Music]
well there you have it
move over sarcosuchus move over t-rex
the true heavyweight predator is
predator x
predator x had it all size speed and the
most lethal weapon imaginable the
deadliest aquatic terror